.TH "DOCKER" "1" "Aug 2018" "Docker Community" "" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
docker\-plugin\-ls \- List plugins


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBdocker plugin ls [OPTIONS]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Lists all the plugins that are currently installed. You can install plugins
using the \fB\fCdocker plugin install\fR command.
You can also filter using the \fB\fC\-f\fR or \fB\fC\-\-filter\fR flag.

.SH Filters
.PP
Filter output based on these conditions:
   \- enabled=(true|false) \- plugins that are enabled or not
   \- capability=<string> \- filters plugins based on capabilities (currently \fB\fCvolumedriver\fR, \fB\fCnetworkdriver\fR, \fB\fCipamdriver\fR, or \fB\fCauthz\fR)

.SH Format
.PP
Pretty\-print plugins using a Go template.
   Valid placeholders:
      .ID \- Plugin ID.
      .Name \- Plugin Name.
      .Description \- Plugin description.
      .Enabled \- Whether plugin is enabled or not.


.SH EXAMPLES
.SH Display all plugins
.PP
.RS

.nf
$ docker plugin ls
ID                  NAME                                    DESCRIPTION                         ENABLED
869080b57404        tiborvass/sample\-volume\-plugin:latest   A sample volume plugin for Docker   true
141bf6c02ddd        vieux/sshfs:latest                      sshFS plugin for Docker             false

.fi
.RE

.SH Display plugins with their ID and names
.PP
.RS

.nf
$ docker plugin ls \-\-format "{{.ID}}: {{.Name}}"
869080b57404: tiborvass/sample\-volume\-plugin:latest

.fi
.RE

.SH Display enabled plugins
.PP
.RS

.nf
$ docker plugin ls \-\-filter enabled=true
ID                  NAME                                    DESCRIPTION                         ENABLED
869080b57404        tiborvass/sample\-volume\-plugin:latest   A sample volume plugin for Docker   true

.fi
.RE

.SH Display plugins with \fB\fCvolumedriver\fR capability
.PP
.RS

.nf
$ docker plugin ls \-\-filter capability=volumedriver \-\-format "table {{.ID}}\\t{{.Name}}"
ID                  Name
869080b57404        tiborvass/sample\-volume\-plugin:latest

.fi
.RE


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filter\fP=
    Provide filter values (e.g. 'enabled=true')

.PP
\fB\-\-format\fP=""
    Pretty\-print plugins using a Go template

.PP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP[=false]
    help for ls

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-trunc\fP[=false]
    Don't truncate output

.PP
\fB\-q\fP, \fB\-\-quiet\fP[=false]
    Only display plugin IDs


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBdocker\-plugin(1)\fP
