.TH "DOCKER" "1" "Aug 2018" "Docker Community" "" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
docker\-login \- Log in to a Docker registry


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBdocker login [OPTIONS] [SERVER]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Log in to a Docker Registry located on the specified
\fB\fCSERVER\fR\&.  You can specify a URL or a \fB\fChostname\fR for the \fB\fCSERVER\fR value. If you
do not specify a \fB\fCSERVER\fR, the command uses Docker's public registry located at
\fB\fChttps://registry\-1.docker.io/\fR by default.  To get a username/password for Docker's public registry, create an account on Docker Hub.

.PP
\fB\fCdocker login\fR requires user to use \fB\fCsudo\fR or be \fB\fCroot\fR, except when:

.RS
.IP "  1." 5
connecting to  a remote daemon, such as a \fB\fCdocker\-machine\fR provisioned \fB\fCdocker engine\fR\&.
.IP "  2." 5
user is added to the \fB\fCdocker\fR group.  This will impact the security of your system; the \fB\fCdocker\fR group is \fB\fCroot\fR equivalent.  See Docker Daemon Attack Surface
\[la]https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/security/#/docker-daemon-attack-surface\[ra] for details.

.RE

.PP
You can log into any public or private repository for which you have
credentials.  When you log in, the command stores encoded credentials in
\fB\fC$HOME/.docker/config.json\fR on Linux or \fB\fC%USERPROFILE%/.docker/config.json\fR on Windows.


.SH EXAMPLES
.SH Login to a registry on your localhost
.PP
.RS

.nf
# docker login localhost:8080

.fi
.RE


.SH See also
.PP
\fBdocker\-logout(1)\fP to log out from a Docker registry.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP[=false]
    help for login

.PP
\fB\-p\fP, \fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password

.PP
\fB\-\-password\-stdin\fP[=false]
    Take the password from stdin

.PP
\fB\-u\fP, \fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBdocker(1)\fP
