.TH "DOCKER" "1" "Aug 2018" "Docker Community" "" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
docker\-container\-rm \- Remove one or more containers


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBdocker container rm [OPTIONS] CONTAINER [CONTAINER...]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBdocker container rm\fP will remove one or more containers from the host node. The
container name or ID can be used. This does not remove images. You cannot
remove a running container unless you use the \fB\-f\fP option. To see all
containers on a host use the \fBdocker container ls \-a\fP command.


.SH EXAMPLES
.SH Removing a container using its ID
.PP
To remove a container using its ID, find either from a \fBdocker ps \-a\fP
command, or use the ID returned from the \fBdocker run\fP command, or retrieve
it from a file used to store it using the \fBdocker run \-\-cidfile\fP:

.PP
.RS

.nf
docker container rm abebf7571666

.fi
.RE

.SH Removing a container using the container name
.PP
The name of the container can be found using the \fBdocker ps \-a\fP
command. The use that name as follows:

.PP
.RS

.nf
docker container rm hopeful\_morse

.fi
.RE

.SH Removing a container and all associated volumes
.PP
.RS

.nf
$ docker container rm \-v redis
redis

.fi
.RE

.PP
This command will remove the container and any volumes associated with it.
Note that if a volume was specified with a name, it will not be removed.

.PP
.RS

.nf
$ docker create \-v awesome:/foo \-v /bar \-\-name hello redis
hello
$ docker container rm \-v hello

.fi
.RE

.PP
In this example, the volume for \fB\fC/foo\fR will remain in tact, but the volume for
\fB\fC/bar\fR will be removed. The same behavior holds for volumes inherited with
\fB\fC\-\-volumes\-from\fR\&.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-force\fP[=false]
    Force the removal of a running container (uses SIGKILL)

.PP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP[=false]
    help for rm

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-link\fP[=false]
    Remove the specified link

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-volumes\fP[=false]
    Remove the volumes associated with the container


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBdocker\-container(1)\fP
