.TH USER_CLUSTERS 5 "Feburary 2005" "Debian" "Debian PostgreSQL infrastructure"

.SH NAME
user_clusters \- File linking users to PostgreSQL clusters

.SH DESCRIPTION
This file maps users against the database clusters to which they will
connect by default. However, every user can override these settings in
.B ~/.postgresqlrc\fR.

When scanning this file, the first matching line will be used.  It is a
good idea to provide a default explicitly, with a final line where both
user and group are set to 
.BR * .

If there is no default, the implicit default is to connect to the cluster
listening on port 5432 and to the database matching the user's
login name.

.SH FORMAT
Comments are introduced by the character
.BR # .
Comments may follow data on a line; the first comment character terminates
the data. Leading whitespace and blank lines are ignored.

Each uncommented, non\-blank line must describe a user, group or the
default (where both user and group are set to \fB*\fR).

Fields must be given in the following order, separated by white space:

.TP
.B USER
The login id of the Unix user to whom this line applies. The wildcard character
.B *
means any user.
.TP
.B GROUP
The group name of the Unix group to which this line applies. The wildcard character
.B *
means any group.
.TP
.B VERSION
The major PostgreSQL version of the cluster to connect to.
.TP
.B CLUSTER
The name of a cluster to connect to. A remote cluster is specified
with \fIhost\fR:\fIport\fR. If port is empty, it defaults to 5432.
.TP
.B DATABASE
Within the cluster, the database to which the user will connect by default
if he does not specify a database on the command line.  If this is
.BR * ,
the default database will be the one named by the user's login id.

.SH NOTES
.P
Since the first matching line is used, the default line must come last.
.P

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pg_wrapper (1), " postgresqlrc" (5)
